[WebProfilerBundle] Extend web profiler listener & config for replace on ajax requests (#59123)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bundle/WebProfilerBundle/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.3
---

> * Add configuration flag for replacing toolbar on AJAX requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `ajax_replace` option for replacing toolbar on AJAX requests
```

> * Add `ajax_replace` option for replacing toolbar on AJAX requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `ajax_replace` option for replacing toolbar on AJAX requests
```
